https://static.googleusercontent.com/media/guidelines.raterhub.com/en//searchqualityevaluatorguidelines.pdf   


  E-A-T
   
    ?.?.?
      Important : The Lowest rating is appropriate if all or almost all of the MC
       on the page is copied with little or no time, effort, expertise, manual curation,
       or added value for users. Such pages should be rated Lowest , even if the page
      assigns credit for the content to another source.

    7.2.8:
      As discussed in Section 2.5.3 , we expect most websites to have some 
      information about who (e.g., what individual, company, business, foundation, etc.)
      is responsible for the website and who created the MC, as well as some contact
      information, unless there is a good reason for anonymity. 
      
      Think about the purpose of the website and the type of website
      information users would expect or demand. 
      
   7.3
      Hate may be expressed in inflammatory, emotional, or hateful-sounding language, but
      may also be expressed in polite or even academic-sounding language.
      
   7.5
      The Lowest rating must be used for any of the following types of content on pages
      that could appear to be informational: 
      ...
      YMYL content that contradicts well-established expert consensus. 
      Debunked or unsubstantiated conspiracy theories. 
      
      Some examples of information that would be found on Lowest quality pages include: the moon landings were faked, 
      
      Please research conspiracy theories. Fact-checking websites cannot keep up with the volume of conspiracy 
      theories produced by the Internet. 
      Some conspiracy theories are impossible to debunk because they claim all debunking information is inaccurate.
      
   8.0 Medium Quality Pages
      - Nothing   wrong,   but   nothing special
      - Mixed   with   strong   High   quality rating   characteristics 
      
   9.2
      You must consider the reputation and E-A-T of both the website and
      the creators of the MC in order to assign a Page Quality rating.
      
      Research the reputation and E-A-T of both the website and the creators of the MC.
      If either are lacking for the purpose of the page, the Low or Lowest rating is appropriate
      
   12.8.2 Special Content Result Block Examples
    
      Special Content Result Blocks (SCRBs) appear in the search results page, along with Web Search
      Result Blocks. They are frequently, but not always, the first result on the search results page. 
      
      Special Content Result Blocks are designed to show content directly to users on the search results page. 
      From working calculators to playable videos to interactive weather information, these
      results help users immediately get information or content, and may not require additional
      “clicks” or page loads.
      
   13.6
      Pages or websites with factually inaccurate content that can cause harm to users, regardless 
      of their purpose or intent (e.g., inaccurate medical information;....
      
      Pages that directly contradict well-established scientific or medical consensus for queries seeking scientific 
      or medical information, unless the query indicates the user is seeking an alternative viewpoint
      
   24.0
   
      The Evaluation Platform is the system you will use to acquire and rate tasks. You can access the
      Evaluation Platform by going to this link: http://www.raterhub.com/evaluation/rater 
